Gang-du! You're awake!
Are you okay?
All right.
How did I get here?
You fainted in front of Mun-su's house.
She must've been really scared.
Is she here?
She's been sitting outside
since last night without eating anything.
I tried to get her to eat,
but she just sat there like a stone.
No, just stay in bed. I'll go get her.
Your doctor sister said
you should stay in bed.
Gang-du.
Don't act like your life is over
because of this.
This makes you look even more pathetic.
Why are you sitting here like this?
Your only option is a liver transplant.
There's nothing else we can do.
You haven't developed ascites or sepsis,
so you don't have to stay in the hospital,
but it'll be better if you do.
If you fall into a hepatic coma,
it'll be tough on you.
What did the doctor say?
What is it?
I…
What am I going to do?
Were you not going to tell me again?
No.
I said I had something
to tell you last night.
But you were going to say it
and leave, right?
You told me to stop feeling bad.
How can I, if you keep doing this?
You can't do this.
I just…
wanted to be cool and walk away.
There's nothing cool about walking away.
What the hell did you do in your past life
to deserve
such a messed-up life like this now?
That's not true.
I met you.
I probably saved my country
in my past life.
It hurts.
Stop hitting me.
Don't die.
Don't you dare die.
I'm going to kill you if you do.
I won't let you die.
I won't leave your side this time.
Is Mr. Lee Gang-du's transplant status
still the same?
He hasn't been moved up?
No, it's still 2B.
He collapsed and was rushed in here.
Shouldn't his status be raised?
I don't decide the patients' status.
There are even patients
waiting for a liver in the ICU.
You can't be a donor
just because you want to.
Why not?
Because we're not family?
What if I marry him?
I can do it right away.
You have to be married
for at least a year for organ donation.
Besides, you're much smaller than him,
so you can't be the donor.
That's a reason?
Even if you're a match,
we have to take 65% of your liver.
You're just too small for that.
I appreciate it though.
I'm going to do everything I can as well.
Without all the scratches,
you look so handsome.
His hands are big.
A lot of people with car accident trauma
have chosen this model.
Is this the nicest one you have?
Do you have anything cooler?
If you're looking for
a more stylish model,
I can recommend a different one.
One moment, please.
Okay.
You're picking your car based on its look?
You have to compare the cost,
how smoothly it runs--
Hey, a car is not about how it runs.
It's about how it feels when you get out.
When you get out of your car,
it should make people
look at you in admiration.
But you don't even need a car.
I haven't learned how to drive
because my mom hates the idea.
She doesn't trust me.
But I'll start driving now.
Why?
I don't want you
to take me around in your car.
Does it embarrass you?
Are you showing off your money?
Yeah, I'm showing off my money.
Having a lot of money
doesn't always make you happy,
but I can't deny that you can avoid
a lot of unhappiness with it.
That car belonged to your uncle
who used to beat you.
Sell it. Let's get a new car.
-Here you go.
-Thank you.
Hang on.
Mun-su, I just bought a car.
Do you want to go--
Hey, what's wrong?
All you guys want to do
is love each other.
Why does it have to be so hard?
Wan-jin.
I just don't understand.
Think about how his life has been.
He survived a disaster like that,
but he might die because he's sick.
Isn't that ridiculous?
He survived all that
only to die like this?
Why is this happening to Gang-du?
His life is already hard as it is.
Why is it getting harder and harder?
It's unfair.
It's so unfair to us.
Don't cry.
Actually, cry as much as you want now,
and don't cry in front of Gang-du.
Poor Gang-du. What do I do?
What am I going to do?
He has someone who'd cry for him
like this. Don't pity him.
Isn't a semi-private room expensive?
I'm a doctor.
You get something like
an employee discount?
Why don't we even have any relatives?
Gang-du.
Yeah?
When Mom was sick,
I didn't want to sleep in the folding bed,
and I insisted on sleeping with her
in her bed. Do you remember that?
Yeah.
That's when I decided to become a doctor.
I thought if I became a doctor,
I'd be in the hospital only to save lives.
I didn't think I'd be doing this again.
I'm sorry.
If you're sorry, don't die.
Don't leave me alone.
I shouldn't leave Jae-yeong alone.
I really can't die.
Granny told me
to take my time joining her.
I knew you'd be doing this.
Oh, you shouldn't be--
I'm out because I'm feeling better.
You did this all by yourself?
MR. CHOI IL-DO
MR. MOON BYEONG-HO
MR. LEE CHEOL-U
Our captain who stayed behind
until the end and did the repair work.
Rebar manager, Mr. Lee Cheol-u.
In your father's journal,
I found his co-workers' contact info,
so I interviewed them.
They only had good things
to say about him.
You want this to be the memorial?
Yes.
Wouldn't it make people uncomfortable?
I'm not saying this for the company.
Some of the bereaved
might feel differently about this.
It may be uncomfortable,
it may be in the past,
and they may have been compensated,
but they still shouldn't forget.
That's why people make
the same mistake again.
The purpose of the memorial park
is not to make us comfortable.
I second that.
It's not about how good the place looks.
Let us do this.
That's what Cheongyu should do.
I'll do what I can.
By the way, you don't look so good.
It's settled then.
Please finish it well.
The two of them make a good team.
Yeah.
Hang on.
Many things about Biotown
were done differently from the plan.
Personnel arrangements,
supplies, and work process.
It was all authorized by Mr. Jung Yu-taek.
Why are you giving me this--
If I give it to your auditors,
they might cover it up.
I thought it'd be better to trust you.
He'll find out
that it's you who took issue with this.
-You won't be able to work with Cheongyu--
-I won't.
Considering everything, I shouldn't.
Ms. Jung.
Here.
What's this?
It's about Mr. Lee Cheol-u, Gang-du's dad.
I checked the blueprints of the mall.
They removed some rebar from the elevator
in Building B on August 5th, 2005.
The carpenter had made a mistake
and caused the pit to shift.
And?
Mr. Lee may have sold
the rebar they cut out,
but there's no proof
that he stole good rebar.
You all seem to expect a lot from me.
You can make things right.
Please. I'm asking you to make it right.
Mr. Lee must feel so reassured
to have you on his side.
I heard that Mr. Lee quit his job
at the site as well.
Is there something wrong?
No, everything is going to be fine.
I gave the aerial image and the model
to the construction team.
So-mi can take over from here.
Thank you.
-Mun-su.
-Yes?
We'll be contacting the victims' families.
The DNA from the remains
didn't match that of the missing persons.
We'll run more DNA tests
for the families that wish to do it.
-If you don't want to do it--
-I do.
The remains could be my sister's.
Only my dad saw her body.
It was so bad
he didn't even let my mom see it.
He was so angry back then.
Come to think of it,
that's just how he was coping.
Oh, right.
You met my dad before
in front of his restaurant.
Yes.
He's closing it down.
Before he does, you should--
No. I don't think
I'm ready to do that yet.
But I understand why he was so angry.
Sorry?
I guess I'll see you and Mr. Lee again
at the memorial park.
Thank you for everything.
Thanks to you and Mr. Lee,
I was able to do what's right.
Isn't this bus stop absurd?
Look, "Space S Mall."
That disappeared ages ago.
You remember that?
I'm not going to forget anything
that happens between us now.
I'm proud of you.
Yes, we should really be
proud of ourselves.
SPACE S MALL
Oh, Doctor! You don't come by so often
these days. Have you been busy?
Oh, yes.
-Excuse me.
-I'm glad I ran into you.
I have something to ask you.
Just let me get tested.
My liver will regenerate, right?
It's not an easy decision--
Who said it was easy? It's not easy.
I didn't even do this for my dad
who died of liver cancer.
What?
But I want to do it for Gang-du.
I can get tested, right?
Oh, thank you.
What does your brother do for a living?
-Sorry?
-He must've lived a good life.
-People are lining up to be his donor.
-What?
He can't wait much longer.
I'm glad one of them
passed the first set of tests.
Take it.
BLOOD TEST RESULTS, AN SANG-MAN
If you're not a family member,
they might suspect
that it's organ trafficking.
But Gang-du registered the inn
as his home address.
I had to prove that we've lived together
for over eight years,
so I had to go to the community center
and everything. It was hard.
I couldn't eat for six hours,
and they put something cold on my belly.
-They took a lot of my blood too.
-What are you talking about?
Have you been listening at all?
If I give Gang-du a piece of my liver,
he can live.
Stop this nonsense.
You can't step out of the house
from now, okay?
-Mom!
-Do as I say!
Come on, Mom. I want to be useful too.
You fool!
How can you say that to your mother?
Mom.
Don't think of it as giving.
Think of it as gaining.
Instead of thinking
that I'm giving him my liver,
think that you're gaining one more son.
-You're so lucky.
-That's enough.
-Throw these out.
-Mom!
-No, over my dead body.
-No, Mom!
-Mom.
-I'm not letting you do this.
You idiot!
This isn't something you can just give,
you complete fool!
Mom!
Gang-du!
I don't care how desperate you were.
How could you ask Sang-man?
You can't ask Sang-man!
It was his decision.
Why can't you understand him?
You should've stopped him!
Why would I stop him?
-Saving your life comes first.
-You're fired.
-What?
Who says only doctors
can choose their patients?
Patients should be able
to fire their doctors too.
-Gang-du.
-You have nothing.
Don't try to keep your pride.
-Just let it go and please--
-I can't lose my pride too!
I won't be able to live.
I destroyed my own liver!
How could I be happy
after taking Sang-man's?
Sang-man, come out here.
You're going to get in big trouble.
Sang-man, open the door.
Open the door now!
-Mom.
-Sang-man!
I can't live without you and Gang-du.
So please
let me live with Gang-du, Mom.
Please?
Aren't you going to come home?
Please try to understand.
I don't care if I seem heartless.
No mother would let her child
give away a piece of his flesh.
I know.
Goodness. I've known you for ten years,
but I still feel this way.
This is how petty people are.
I'm so sorry, Gang-du.
Come on, stop it.
You have nothing to be sorry about.
I'm the one who should be sorry.
Don't worry. I'm going to stop him.
Even if he wants to do it,
I won't accept it. Okay?
But what can I do?
I have to save Sang-man first.
He'll die first if I don't let him do it.
I already knew
I couldn't make him change his mind,
but I had to try at least once.
I had to do it to make myself feel better.
Come on, not you too.
Well, there's nothing I can do about this.
I'll just think of it as you and Sang-man
becoming real brothers.
Getting a bad son like you
will only make my life harder.
So you'd better live a long life
and make it up to me.
Gang-du.
I understand how
both you and Sang-man must feel.
It's hard just thinking about
what the right thing to do is.
For you, it must be so much harder.
This is harder on you
than it is on anyone.
I won't do it.
It's because you feel bad
for Sang-man, isn't it?
You think it's selfish
to get the surgery, right?
You're wrong.
You're not being selfish. We are.
We're the selfish ones
because we want you to stay with us
no matter how hard it is for you.
So you don't have a choice in this matter.
Even if it's hard, you just have to live.
NOODLES AND GIMBAP
So you're closing down this place?
How will you make a living then?
They're looking for a tour bus driver.
You and your wanderlust.
Gosh, how did you even work here
for ten years?
Why did you open your restaurant here?
It's so close to the mall.
Why here?
That's your way of coping?
We don't even have anything
to say to each other now.
Fine,
let's get divorced.
You and I fought and argued
for over 20 years
only to become…
worse than strangers like this.
It was foolish of us to live like that.
Starting with Biotown,
Cheongyu will no longer
outsource our work
or use multi-layered subcontracting,
which is a long-standing practice
in the construction industry.
It shows our determination to not repeat
the tragedy from 13 years ago.
Since the memorial park
will be at the entrance,
its harmony with other spaces
was our first priority.
The survivors of the collapse,
Ms. Ha Mun-su and Mr. Lee Gang-du,
worked on the project
and made sure it's in the best interests
of the bereaved.
What is this? Move.
Don't you know who I am?
Only board members are allowed.
I'm on the board.
Ms. Jung Yu-jin said
you're no longer a member of the board.
What?
Take good care of Cheongyu Environmental.
This company was founded on it.
Jung Yu-jin.
How can you of all people do this to me?
You stabbed me in the back?
If not for me, it would've been worse.
Because you're my brother,
I'm not giving up on you.
What?
Trust me.
More than anyone, I want you to do well.
Empty your office as soon as you can.
Hey, Jung Yu-jin!
Are you at the hospital?
SAINT MUN-SU
I can see you this evening, right?
Is there anything you want to eat?
Do you have any pain?
What did your sister say?
-Gang-du.
-Oh.
Did you get all the medicine?
You can go home.
Sang-man.
There's one more test, but it'll be okay.
You don't have pneumothorax,
and your liver is healthy and big enough.
Gang-du, don't look like that.
All you need to do is say thank you.
I'm too thankful to even say it.
You got all the documents,
so it'll be approved.
Then I'll schedule the surgery right away.
-You can't drink alcohol starting now.
-Okay.
Let's go then.
Go home,
and make sure you answer your phone.
I'll see you.
-What is it?
-Gang-du, smile.
Do you remember what Cho said
in The Bodyguard?
No.
"Those who have something to protect
do not die easily." Remember?
Yeah, I remember now.
So don't worry. We won't die.
-I'll see you later, Gang-du.
-Bye.
JUNG YU-JIN
I wanted to buy you something good.
This is good for me.
So what is it?
You need relationship advice again?
I was worried about you,
but you seem well enough to make jokes.
You should ask what you want
while I can still answer.
Okay then.
I've got the looks,
a good career, and a rich family.
Why can't I get a boyfriend?
You're too perfect.
Men are dumb, you know.
They have this bad habit of getting tired
of women who are too good.
So don't worry about those idiots.
What about Mun-su then?
She's popular because she's not all that?
Hey, Mun-su is great.
She's an awesome person.
It's just that there aren't
many brave guys like me.
I'm jealous of her.
Gosh, this is embarrassing.
Even if it's embarrassing,
talk to people about it.
Don't bottle it up inside.
It's not good for your health.
Don't be sick.
You're the only friend that I can talk to
about embarrassing things.
The real reason
I came to see you today is this.
You never got the compensation
for your father's death in the accident.
If it wasn't for Ms. Ha,
it would've been overlooked.
I'm sorry we didn't do this sooner.
The rebar that your father took
turned out to be waste
that couldn't be re-used.
Since he passed away, we couldn't exercise
our right to indemnity against him,
but we still failed
to give you the compensation.
Once again, I apologize.
Jae-yeong.
Please, sir. Once we open him up,
things could be different.
Can't you please reconsider?
Look at it.
The donor has coronary artery anomalies,
and the shape of his biliary tract
makes surgery very hard.
I'll convince him.
We can still open him up.
Things may be better than the scans--
If Mr. An Sang-man agrees, we can.
But what if he develops biliary stricture
and other complications? What then?
-But we can still do it?
-Hey.
It's too risky.
We'll keep monitoring the patient and--
Hey!
-Where are you going?
-Why'd you come back?
Are you going to Sang-man?
What are you going to say?
What else? I should tell him
to get ready for the surgery.
-You should stop.
-Stop what?
Both you and Sang-man.
-You've done enough.
-Done what?
What have I done?
-What have I ever done for you?
-A lot.
You've done a lot,
so please stop now.
Hey. Thank you for hiring my employees.
There will be a design contest
for the new Moksan City Library
next month.
Why are you giving this to me?
I won't be working with Cheongyu anymore.
You're the best architect I've seen.
Like I said before, I don't want
a personal relationship with you.
I just want us to work together.
No. I don't think this is for me.
Since I'm downsizing my business, I want
to do the things I've really wanted to do.
Still, this project is--
Also, our relationship
is very personal in nature.
My mother is also your mother.
You're still here?
I'm not going to leave.
Even for a small business,
you need a salesperson.
I think I'll be good at it.
I can design, of course,
and I can now make models too.
-Thank you.
-Sorry?
I appreciate it,
but you'll be great at Cheongyu.
Don't worry.
See you again.
Gosh, he's so cool all the way to the end.
-Are you really going to go?
-Yes.
Are you sure?
Is this about the divorce?
-Think again--
-I'm not going to some weird place.
I can't quit drinking on my own,
and I just want to get some help.
While you fix this place,
let me fix myself too.
I want to be healthy
and make your life easier.
You're not running away from me?
I'm doing this to stay with you
for as long as I can.
Don't get sick of me later.
They say a parent loves
all of their children,
but each child is different.
You and Yeon-su are just different.
I don't love her more than you
or anything like that.
Do you understand me?
Yeah.
Gee,
I won't be able to drink anymore.
How about one last bottle?
Mom.
-Come on, just one bottle.
-No.
Let me just have one glass then.
-Oh, you're so mean.
I can go out tomorrow.
Jae-yeong says I can.
-Have you been waiting long?
-No.
-Oh, I have a lot of money now.
-Huh?
Thanks to you, I have all this money now.
Huh?
You do all kinds of nice things.
Were you born to be loved by me?
Come on.
Stay still.
What's with you?
I'm grateful to you.
-Is there any place you want to go?
-I don't know.
I told you I have a lot of money.
I can spend it all today.
What did you want to do if you had money?
I wanted to pay off my debt.
Right.
Do you want to do that now?
-I already did.
-How?
Anyway, I did.
So we can do whatever you want.
-Oh, over there.
-Huh?
-It's the place So-mi was talking about.
-Where?
-Hey.
-You said we could do whatever I wanted.
-No, that's…
-Let's go in.
Come on, let's go in.
Hey, do you even know--
I do. Let's go in.
I think I've walked too much.
Let's just rest a bit.
-Hey.
-What?
I just want to take a rest.
Don't get any funny ideas.
I won't do anything. I'll be still.
I'll just take a nap, okay?
Mun-su.
I want to be with you too.
Do you think
it's easy for me to hold myself back?
-It's driving me nuts.
-Why hold yourself back?
-Are you seriously asking--
-Forget it.
I should've taken you to an island instead
so we could miss the last boat.
Don't laugh.
I'm not going to go now,
even if you beg me.
-Come on.
-Whatever.
Do you want to go eat? How about octopus?
-You like octopus.
-Forget it.
-What's wrong?
-You only think about yourself.
For the first time, I want something.
I want you.
Do you have to be so responsible?
I'm saying I'm okay with it.
I want to have you.
I didn't mean that we should come
to such a nice place like this.
-It's okay.
-Still.
I said it's okay.
Take a look around.
Wow.
Gang-du, look. There's another room here.
Gosh, it's so big.
Wow. Gang-du,
the towels here are huge too.
They're even bigger than me.
It can cover me up entirely.
Do you think I'm dressed or not?
Hey, cut it out.
The bed is really big too.
Gang-du, come lie down.
It's big enough for ten people like me.
It's big.
Right?
Come here.
We don't need a bed this big, right?
Gang-du.
Lee Gang-du.
MOKSAN CITY HOSPITAL
So what about Gang-du?
Where is he now?
If you were going to come here,
why did you leave me there alone?
I'm sorry.
I had some things to take care of.
-What is it?
-What?
When we were here,
you kept peeking at me too.
Me?
Come on.
You peeked at me and smiled.
That's when you started to like me,
isn't it?
No, it's not.
What about you then?
When we went drinking,
you got drunk and you--
I kissed you.
What?
-You remember everything?
-Yeah.
So you remembered.
-But you pretended like you didn't?
-Yeah.
-Hey.
-I was embarrassed.
I didn't think you liked me.
Are you a fool?
No guy would let a girl he doesn't like
sleep on his shoulder all night.
You're just so adorable, aren't you?
You just get cuter and cuter.
I won't get any cuter
if you're not there to look at me.
Oh, right. There's something
I've been wanting to ask you.
What is it?
I couldn't remember you,
but you remembered me.
So why didn't you look for me?
If you had found me,
we would've been together
for much longer.
It was dark in there, remember?
Huh?
I had no idea you were this pretty.
I love you.
There isn't enough time even just to say
the things you want to say.
I realize it now.
I love you, Mun-su.
But I broke your heart before.
You still love me?
Yeah.
Why?
I just do.
That's it?
Does there have to be a reason…
why I love you?
No.
Thank you.
Listen, Gang-du.
I've been thinking about
when I started to like you.
When I first heard your voice
in the darkness?
When you first sang that weird song?
I think that's when I started to like you.
Are you listening?
Did you hear me, Gang-du?
Did you hear what I said?
Can you hear me?
Gang-du.
No.
They say life is
the process
of getting used to saying goodbye.
But they're wrong.
No one in the world
can get used to saying goodbye.
HONGUI-DONG 13-2
The memorial park we've been building
since last year is now complete.
We will be holding the opening ceremony
on December 11th, 2018.
The memorial,
which was designed to show people
what the accident left behind,
sends the message that we must remember,
or the tragedy will be repeated.
INVITATION
We wish that it will honor the victims
and bring some consolation
to their families.
We sincerely hope that you will grace us
with your presence at the ceremony.
MR. LEE GANG-DU
-Excuse me, sir.
-Yes?
You worked on
Mr. Kim Seon-ung's house, right?
Yes, why?
ARCHITECT SEO JU-WON
I'd like to work with you.
-Chief.
-Yes?
-How old is it?
-About 70 years.
It's been neglected
for the last ten years.
I guess there won't be
much material we can use.
What kind of wood do you want?
Oh, I'm still learning about wood.
Which would you recommend?
It's a bit pricey,
but Korean pine is best.
I've worked with Douglas fir before,
but it warped over time.
I hope Korean pine is tougher.
You should just use steel and concrete.
-Why bother using wood?
-I'm sorry?
It's wood, so it's only natural
that it cracks and warps.
It's our job
to take that into consideration.
Wait, I…
Just talking about it
won't really help you.
You have to see for yourself.
Are you coming?
Director Jung?
I'm not a director anymore.
Hey. You said my wife worries about me.
You said she'd grow old with me.
-What about it?
-You were wrong.
Do you know she filed for divorce
as soon as I got demoted?
I'm not interested in your family affairs.
You should go.
Hey. It's your responsibility.
-What is?
-Me.
Give me a break.
Hey, I'm still the chairman's son.
This won't be the end for me.
Please enjoy.
A ramp at the entrance
makes such a difference.
-Ms. Kim.
-What?
Huh?
Oh, my gosh. It already made top ten?
IT'S AN UNCOMFORTABLE WORLD
Oh, I'm surprised people would read
something that can be so uncomfortable.
Don't underestimate them.
They know what's good.
I'm not underestimating them.
They're better than me.
She is a little over the top though.
People would say I look nothing like her.
I know, right? She should look prettier.
I thought it'd be unreal
if I made her as pretty as you.
I'm sorry.
SEONGWANG TRANSPORTATION
The pollack soup
at Sintanjin Rest Stop is still good.
Let's come together next time.
Let's go.
SIGNS OF ALCOHOLISM
-There she is!
-Mom.
Just wait until I finish up here, okay?
My daughter is here. I should hurry up.
-Mom, you want soy milk?
-Yeah.
Thanks.
-Auntie, do you want one too?
-Yeah.
Everything is going okay, right?
You're building me a good hair salon?
Yeah, a big one on the second floor.
What about you?
I already told the people at the spa
I'm quitting after next month.
That's good.
Hey, you never eat sweet things.
-How is he?
-Huh?
What's his name again?
It was like a puppy name. "Gang-do"?
Mom, "Gang-do" means robber. It's Gang-du.
You were smiling so happily
when you were with him.
His name is Gang-du?
Yeah. Lee Gang-du.
Gang-du!
Misfortune comes without warning.
Miracles also happen unexpectedly
when we give up hope.
INTENSIVE CARE UNIT
MVC, no trauma to the liver.
ACC, 10:35 p.m.
Estimated ischemic time is three hours.
Yes. I can get there in 20 minutes.
ORGAN BOX FOR TRANSPLANT
But that miracle
may have come
from someone else's misfortune.
LEE GANG D., IN SURGERY
I never
believed in miracles.
I still don't.
But…
he deserves one.
Gang-du deserves one.
LEE GANG D., OUT OF SURGERY
So we should be grateful that we're alive
and do everything we can
to be as happy as we can.
"From ten to fifteen degrees,
the steel step ladder
should be 75 cm in thickness…"
CONSTRUCTION PLANNING
"Each side must be 75 cm…"
Jeez, why is this so hard?
Hey, Gang-du. I patrolled by myself
to let you study, but you're sleeping?
CHEONGYU CONSTRUCTION
I feel really tired these days.
Hey, are you okay? What hurts?
You're all healed, aren't you? You brat.
Stop using it as an excuse.
I hired you back
only because we're short of hands.
You wouldn't be here if it wasn't for me.
You should know that.
So this is what you've been studying?
It's too hard. I don't get it.
Did you think it'd be easy
to become a construction inspector?
-Let me help you.
-You?
You brat. I'm the on-site manager now.
Also, you may not believe it,
but I majored in civil engineering.
Let's see. Oh, this stuff
has changed a lot over the years.
I put that out
because I'm going to wear it tomorrow.
Hey, take it off.
I said take it off.
Hey. It's me, An Sang-man.
Who am I to you?
For you, I can give up
not only my liver but also my heart--
Stop.
Fine, you can wear it.
I love you, Gang-du.
Just keep reading.
Sang-man, Gang-du! Dinner is ready.
Come down here!
SUKI CLINIC
FOREIGN AND UNINSURED PATIENTS ARE WELCOME
Hello. Please take a seat and wait.
Thank you.
This patient doesn't have
any external injuries.
Could you find out his symptoms?
Oh, sure.
-How do you like your new job?
-I'm doing this only for a year.
-Why are you looking at me like that?
-What?
Don't tell me the last resort story again
and try to get me to stay.
Granny left quite a lot of money.
It's enough to run this place
for at least ten years.
-Doctor.
-Yes?
-He says he feels kind of bloated.
-Okay.
-He's also dizzy.
-Dizzy?
-Yes.
-Oh, what else?
I can't let myself get hurt.
This is for the upstairs.
-Please be careful with it.
-Okay.
Because there's someone
who will be sad if I get hurt.
So I'm going to do my best
to be healthy,
stay out of trouble,
and live a long, long life.
That's what I can do
for the people I love.
SANHO PUBLIC BATH
I should decorate this place
like your rooftop.
It'd be nice to come up here
after a bath, right?
Yeah.
It's nice to see this with you.
I love you.
I love you, Gang-du.
Mun-su loves me.
I love you too.
I'm glad…
that I survived.
SPECIAL THANKS TO LEE JI-HYUN
AND SHIN HYUN-BEEN
THANK YOU FOR WATCHING RAIN OR SHINE
Subtitle translation by: Yoonjung Song